Fix content readability issues for upgrading your project section (#4171)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/snip_warning-maintain-config-noop.adoc

[WARNING]

> During upgrade or update, the maintenance script overwrites custom configuration files created manually or using a tool like Hiera.

Author: I split the sentence into two to avoid going above the 22 words limit, and tried to include your suggestions as well. Let me know if it works :smile:

> During upgrade or update, the maintenance script overwrites custom configuration files created manually or using a tool like Hiera.

Reviewer: Sorry for the late reply. Looks good!

[WARNING]

> Note that the maintenance script overwrites custom configuration files during an upgrade or update.
> Check if you have any custom configuration files that were created manually or generated using tools such as Hiera.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that {foreman-maintain} executes {foreman-installer} during an upgrade or update.
{foreman-installer} will overwrite any changes to files managed by it.
Check if you have any manual changes that would be overwritten by {foreman-installer}.
```

Reviewer 2: looks good!

> Check if you have any custom configuration files that were created manually or generated using tools such as Hiera.

Reviewer 2: it certainly could, but it's been there for so long that I don't think it warrants more work
